('Girl Crush' version HaSeul is here!)
<SHOW ME THE LOOΠΔ Season 2>
HEEJIN JEON!
I know you wanted to wear that girl crush outfit, right?
But You're too young to wear!
Drop the beat!
You, Ha-Teul!
Aw, twenty-one years old!
But you stand below me in rank!
Kim Lip: Gosh... I better get out of here...
JinSoul: HaSeul, HeeJin~!
JinSoul: Come on!
JinSoul: It's your first time doing 'Girl Crush concept', isn't it?
(Nope. Don't do that, HaSeul...)
(All three candidates appeared!)
JinSoul: So pretty!
HeeJin: Hey, Ipsool Kim
KIm Lip: Yes. I'm Ipsool Kim.
(Ipsool means Lips in Korean.)
JinSoul: Beautiful~
(After much consideration, we've decided to make public some unreleased footages!)